PMM-3512 Switch flags to kingpin (#130)
percona/mongodb_exporter: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]
### Changed

> - PMM-3512: Switched to [kingpin](https://github.com/alecthomas/kingpin) library.

Reviewer: It probably makes sense to use links for public Jira tickets.

> This is **BREAKING CHANGE** because kingpin uses `--` neither `-` for long flags, so be careful when update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a **BREAKING CHANGE** because kingpin uses `--` instead of `-` for long flags, so be careful when updating.
```
